Update configure-proxy-internet.md (#5792)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/configure-proxy-internet.md

|

If a proxy or firewall has HTTPS scanning (SSL inspection) enabled, exclude the domains listed in the above table from HTTPS scanning.

> In your firewall, open all the URLs where the geography column is WW. For rows where the geography column is not WW, open the URLs to your specific data location. [You can verify your data location setting.](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/data-retention-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your firewall, open all the URLs where the geography column is WW. For rows where the geography column is not WW, open the URLs to your specific data location. To verify your data location setting, see [Verify data storage location and update data retention settings for Microsoft Defender for Endpoint](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/data-retention-settings).
```
